url fixes (#2532)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/vitally/index.md

  ![](images/2JQwIBK.png)

> 5. Once we receive at least 1 event from Segment, you'll be able to proceed with the set up process and configure how to [create accounts from Segment](https://docs.vitally.io/managing-the-customer-lifecycle/account-hierarchy-using-vitallys-organization-object/supported-integrations-and-how-to-create-the-hierarchy#segment){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once Vitally receives at least one event from Segment, you'll be able to proceed with the set up process and configure how to [create accounts from Segment](https://docs.vitally.io/managing-the-customer-lifecycle/account-hierarchy-using-vitallys-organization-object/supported-integrations-and-how-to-create-the-hierarchy#segment){:target="_blank"}
```
